hello there look at this today I want to
share a cool snowplow Thomas and Friends
torrents Thomas the Tank Engine here you
can see and it has a stone plow look at
this at the top you can see it's all
covered with snow here you can see it
has a small plant look at this happy
face and here you can see winter
wonderland Thomas with that today I have
a truck and you can see you can connect
a trailer with it so what I'm going to
do I have another trailer here and this
one doesn't need in other words because
you can see the widths you just need to
connect it and look and here you can see
a flat bad bed what I'm going to do I'm
going to put Thomas and other Thomas on
this but I have to fill it up I have to
block it otherwise Thomas might fall out
let me go ahead and show you what I'm
talking about then you'll honest here
you can see Thomas this is the diecast
surprise Thomas and look at this it very
beautifully it fits here but what
happens you know money look it falls off
the reason is that because it doesn't
have anything to block Thomas so it
doesn't fall off what I'm going to do
I'm going to make something here with
play-doh and so it don't fall very easy
technology so that let me do that just a
flatbed worry what I'm going to do is
somebody's you can see it's a multi
color play-doh and here i'm just gonna
block it nice and easy
you can see let's plot and you don't
have to block both sides because this
side has that track so you don't let
Thomas fall off and this player is not
going to let tongues fall all right here
comes Thomas that's what I was talking
about all right and thank you yours
thank you for watching this is very easy
technology and i'm gonna put all both
Thomas and let me know how did you guys
like this easy thing and thank you for
watching